Seller: Yeah. It should be paid by you originally but now according the rule it should paid by us;
Buyer: Why do you say I'll pay more and more? I'm not comfortable with that.; 
Seller: Because if we choose the logistics is Alibaba the delivery cost will be more; 
Seller: This logistic company provides is a more cheaper and faster delivery; 
Buyer: But I'm done paying for the shipping cost. Now you say it's expensive! I'll pay more and more.😓; 
Buyer: Well will there be any more pay?; 
Seller: The increase include the delivery cost from your airport to your address and the cost for 1kg more actual weight.; 
Buyer: I don't trust payment out of Alibaba; 
Seller: I mean the shipping company I pick for you is cheaper than in Alibaba; 
Seller: Now the extra payments is $34; 
Seller: And that is all; 
Seller: The increase include the delivery cost from your airport to your address and the cost for 1kg more actual weight.; 
Seller: and that is all; 
Seller: After $34; 
Buyer: Will you ask for another payment in the next time?; 
Seller: There is no more payment; 
Seller: And no more payment any more for this order; 
Buyer: Well thank you.; 
Buyer: Well; 
Seller: That is what I need do if I have logistics option that cheaper than Alibab I will do this for any one of my customers; 
Seller: The increase include the delivery cost from your airport to your address and the cost for 1kg more actual weight After $34 no more payment any more for this order; 
Buyer: Now I understand But I'm afraid they're gonna ask me to pay extra money.; 
Seller: My friend. There is no any payment after this $34. I had confirmed again and I am very sure that you just need to wait for receiving the goods; 
Seller: And if you think we had reached an agreements about it please help me get back the order accept my rectification and finished the balance payment; 
Seller: Really appreciate about your understanding and cooperation; 
Seller: Sincerely grateful 🥹; 
Buyer: So how do I pay? I want it through Ali Baba. Did you ship the goods to me?; 
Seller: You just need to get back the order in Alibaba accept my rectification and then finish the payment that is all;

Buyer: hi can you supply telescopic poles. preferably fibreglass or nonconductive material. we need two lengths. 1.2-2.4 and 1.8-3.6. and if possible with a 8mm or 10mm stainless thread on end to attach our devices. thanks; 
Seller: #Quotation_Product:HOFI IM3k-27 New design adjustable carbon fiber small telescopic fruit picker pole plant pole Product_Unit_Price:30.00#; 
Seller: Hi Hayden Thank you for your inquiry. Depending on your requirements we can provide you with 8ft and 12ft telescoping poles. Do you want pure fiberglass? I will have the technician calculate the price and quote it to you as soon as possible.; 
Buyer: Yes We need a non-conductive pole. Can you do the M* or M10 male thread on the end? and also a logo?; 
Seller: Okay may I ask what is the quantity you are looking to order?; 
Buyer: We would need 10 initially. And what is the quality like. Could we purchase one to start with then then order more if we are happy?; 
Seller: Noted. Yes 1 sample first is ok; 
Buyer: OK. We need a pole that extends to 2.4m and also a pole that extends to 3.6. Non conductive material m10 Thread and logo on it; 
Seller: Hi Hayden the price of 2.4m fiberglass telescopic pole is $28 per piece.&nbsp; while 3.6m $33 per piece.&nbsp;; 
Buyer: Ok. Is that US or AUS Dollar. And what would freight be. Do you have a photo of the product.;

Seller: #Picture#; 
Seller: This is the size table; 
Buyer: Would I be able to customize the measurements?; 
Seller: Sure; 
Seller: How many pieces do you need; 
Buyer: 20-30 perhaps i would like to get a sample first if thats ok; 
Seller: 20 pieces may not be customized; 
Seller: Do you want to choose our size?; 
Buyer: What is the MOQ for custom; 
Buyer: The only customization would be to add a neck tag and decreased the chest size; 
Seller: 50 pieces; 
Buyer: Ok; 
Seller: Do you need to customize the logo?; 
Buyer: Just customizing the size; 
Buyer: So make the chest length smaller; 
Seller: OK; 
Seller: Dear would you like to take a sample and try the size; 
Buyer: Yeah I can do an XS; 
Seller: OK no problem; 
Buyer: However I have tried similar shirts and would like to modify the chest length; 
Seller: OK no problem; 
Seller: Can you send me the address phone number and zipcode?; 
Buyer: #address#; 
Buyer: #phone#; 
Seller: thanks ; 
Seller: https://cashier.alibaba.com/pay/cashier.htm?cashierOrderNo=MTc5OTA0MDExMDQyMzA4MDg2MTIxNjM0NzIwMjM=&amp;paymentStep=ADVANCE&amp;source=PRE; 
Seller: https://cashier.alibaba.com/pay/cashier.htm?cashierOrderNo=MTc5OTA0MDExMDQyMzA4MDg2MTIxNjM0NzIwMjM=&amp;paymentStep=ADVANCE&amp;source=PRE; 
Seller: If there is no problem you can pay; 
Seller: Is there any problem?; 
Buyer: No problem I will pay tomorrow since my bank is holding funds; 
Seller: OK; 
Buyer: Thank you!; 
Seller: You're welcome; 
Seller: Good evening; 
Seller: Dear; 
Buyer: Hello; 
Seller: Can you pay now?; 
Seller: Is there any problem?; 
Buyer: No problem the payment will be here later today. Its only 12am wednesday here; 
Buyer: So i still have to wait for funds; 
Seller: OK no problem; 
Buyer: I have paid; 
Seller: Thanks l have received; 
Seller: This address?; 
Seller: You take the xs T-shirt of our company right?; 
Buyer: Yes; 
Seller: OK thank you; 
Seller: Is it black T-shirt? Dear; 
Buyer: Yes; 
Seller: OK thank you; 
Seller: #address#; 
Seller: is this address correct?; 
Buyer: Yes; 
Buyer: #Zip code#; 
Buyer: Zip code; 
Seller: OK thank you; 
Seller: #FDX#FDX; 
Seller: Dear this is the logistics number; 
Seller: Pay attention to logistics; 
Buyer: Kk thank you; 
Seller: You are welcome; 
Seller: Looking forward to your comment; 
Buyer: excited for the sample!; 
Seller: /:^_^; 
Seller: Dear; 
Seller: Have you received the sample?; 
Buyer: Yes!; 
Seller: Do you like it?; 
Seller: Dear; 
Buyer: Its ok; 
Seller: How many pieces do you need for your bulk?;

Seller: #Picture#; 
Seller: Is this length OK?; 
Buyer: this; 
Seller: OK no problem; 
Buyer: looks ok; 
Buyer: also different material so i can check quality; 
Buyer: and we can start another order togheter; 
Buyer: quality looks so good; 
Seller: Sure no problem; 
Buyer: /:-F; 
Seller: #Picture#; 
Seller: This rope is thick; 
Seller: According to this rope and length right? After confirmation I will start to arrange; 
Buyer: yes is ok dear; 
Seller: OK no problem; 
Buyer: /:-F; 
Buyer: if u have; 
Buyer: light thick; 
Buyer: even better; 
Seller: There is no thicker one. I will begin to arrange to tie the rope; 
Buyer: yes is ok then; 
Buyer: Thank you; 
Seller: You're welcome; 
Buyer: Dear; 
Buyer: how are u?; 
Seller: Hello my friend I'm fine thank you I hope you too; 
Buyer: Hello dear; 
Seller: The tag is still tied in the rope because there are fewer workers wearing the rope so it will take some time to finish. It can be completed in about 2 days; 
Buyer: I'm good thanks; 
Buyer: oh really 2 days still; 
Seller: /:-F; 
Seller: Yes it will take about 2 days to tie the rope; 
Buyer: ok dear; 
Seller: Yes; 
Buyer: thanks; 
Seller: You're welcome; 
Seller: Hello my friend good morning the tag has been tied to the rope. I can deliver the goods for you today; 
Buyer: Hello dear; 
Buyer: Thank you so much; 
Buyer: please pack it well1; 
Buyer: I cant wait to receive; 
Seller: OK no problem; 
Buyer: /:-F; 
Seller: /:-F; 
Buyer: hello dear; 
Buyer: can u please share with me the laces; 
Buyer: the tracking***; 
Seller: Hello my friend yes today the courier will send me the tracking number. I will send it to you as soon as I receive it; 
Buyer: thank u dear; 
Seller: You're welcome. My friend; 
Seller: #Picture#; 
Seller: FedEx number: #FDX#; 
Buyer: /:-F; 
Seller: /:)-(; 
Buyer: Thank you my drar; 
Buyer: dear*; 
Seller: You're welcome; 
Buyer: hello dear; 
Buyer: I've received the parcel; 
Buyer: I'm not happy with colour; 
Buyer: it's orange; 
Buyer: my file is red; 
Buyer: colour; 
Seller: #Picture#; 
Seller: Dear we use red for printing. It can't be Orange; 
Seller: #Picture#; 
Seller: This is our orange.; 
Seller: Dear you can find a orange color comparison. This must be red; 
Buyer: Dear is not red; 
Buyer: is more orange; 
Buyer: look; 
Buyer: #Picture#; 
Buyer: is not the same;